docs/index.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "restapi Provider"
description: |-
  Provider managing REST API queries. The only authenthication way is JWT.
---

# restapi Provider

Provider managing REST API queries. The only authenthication way is JWT.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "restapi" {
  uri = "https://trustbuilder.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `uri` (String) URI of the REST API endpoint. This serves as the base of all requests.

### Optional

- `create_method` (String) Defaults to `POST`. The HTTP method used to CREATE objects of this type on the API server.
- `create_returns_object` (Boolean) Set this when the API returns the object created only on creation operations (POST). This is used by the provider to refresh internal data structures.
- `debug` (Boolean) Enabling this will cause lots of debug information to be printed to STDOUT by the API client.
- `destroy_method` (String) Defaults to `DELETE`. The HTTP method used to DELETE objects of this type on the API server.
- `headers` (Map of String) A map of header names and values to set on all outbound requests. This is useful if you want to use a script via the 'external' provider or provide a pre-approved token or change Content-Type from `application/json`. If `username` and `password` are set and Authorization is one of the headers defined here, the BASIC auth credentials take precedence.
- `id_attribute` (String) When set, this key will be used to operate on REST objects. For example, if the ID is set to 'name', changes to the API object will be to http://foo.com/bar/VALUE_OF_NAME. This value may also be a '/'-delimeted path to the id attribute if it is multple levels deep in the data (such as `attributes/id` in the case of an object `{ "attributes": { "id": 1234 }, "config": { "name": "foo", "something": "bar"}}`
- `jwt_hashed_token` (Attributes) Configuration for JWT token generation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jwt_hashed_token))
- `read_method` (String) Defaults to `GET`. The HTTP method used to READ objects of this type on the API server.
- `test_path` (String) If set, the provider will issue a read_method request to this path after instantiation requiring a 200 OK response before proceeding. This is useful if your API provides a no-op endpoint that can signal if this provider is configured correctly. Response data will be ignored.
- `timeout` (Number) When set, will cause requests taking longer than this time (in seconds) to be aborted.
- `update_method` (String) Defaults to `PUT`. The HTTP method used to UPDATE objects of this type on the API server.
- `write_returns_object` (Boolean) Set this when the API returns the object created on all write operations (POST, PUT). This is used by the provider to refresh internal data structures.

<a id="nestedatt--jwt_hashed_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jwt_hashed_token`

Required:

- `claims_json` (String) The token's claims, as a JSON document
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) HMAC secret to sign the JWT with

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) Signing algorithm to use.

Commit message:

feat: Add jwt validity duration attribute in the provider
+ Delete useless resources sample and object
+ Change jwt secret type

docs/index.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "restapi Provider"
description: |-
  Provider managing REST API queries. The only authenthication way is JWT.
---

# restapi Provider

Provider managing REST API queries. The only authenthication way is JWT.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "restapi" {
  uri = "https://trustbuilder.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `uri` (String) URI of the REST API endpoint. This serves as the base of all requests.

### Optional

- `debug` (Boolean) Enabling this will cause lots of debug information to be printed to STDOUT by the API client.
- `headers` (Map of String) A map of header names and values to set on all outbound requests. This is useful if you want to use a script via the 'external' provider or provide a pre-approved token or change Content-Type from `application/json`. If `username` and `password` are set and Authorization is one of the headers defined here, the BASIC auth credentials take precedence.
- `jwt_hashed_token` (Attributes) Configuration for JWT token generation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jwt_hashed_token))
- `test_path` (String) If set, the provider will issue a read_method request to this path after instantiation requiring a 200 OK response before proceeding. This is useful if your API provides a no-op endpoint that can signal if this provider is configured correctly. Response data will be ignored.
- `timeout` (Number) When set, will cause requests taking longer than this time (in seconds) to be aborted.

<a id="nestedatt--jwt_hashed_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jwt_hashed_token`

Required:

- `claims_json` (String) The token's claims, as a JSON document
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) HMAC secret to sign the JWT with

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) Signing algorithm to use.
- `validity_duration_minute` (Number) Validity duration in minutes. If set, it will complete/replace the claims 'nbf', 'exp' and 'iat' epoch time.
