docs/resources/tenant.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "restapi_tenant Resource - restapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Basic resource that does nothing other than interact with the Terraform state
---

# restapi_tenant (Resource)

Basic resource that does nothing other than interact with the Terraform state



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `data` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Valid JSON object that this provider will manage with the API server.
- `path` (String) The API path on top of the base URL set in the provider that represents objects of this type on the API server.

### Optional

- `headers` (Map of String) A map of header names and values to set on all outbound requests.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Resource update date in RFC850 format.
- `repo_name_prefix` (String) Another identifier of the tenant.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant name used as identifier.

Commit message:

docs: Update Terraform provider doc

docs/resources/tenant.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "restapi_tenant Resource - restapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource managing the creation of a tenant.
---

# restapi_tenant (Resource)

Resource managing the creation of a tenant.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `data` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Valid JSON object that this provider will manage with the API server.
- `path` (String) The API path on top of the base URL set in the provider that represents objects of this type on the API server.

### Optional

- `headers` (Map of String) A map of header names and values to set on all outbound requests.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Resource update date in RFC850 format.
- `repo_name_prefix` (String) Another identifier of the tenant.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant name used as identifier.
